you taking me to school again
and picking you up part of some drill
ain't no drill 19 men attacked our
country the 12 of you will be the first
ones to fight back how do you love your
family and leave them to go to war I
have two hours I'll be really quick not
a chance
holding out is the only way I can
guarantee you come back to me what's
gonna be only a week every step we take
he's gonna be in a minefield from a
hundred different wars odds are we're
not all gonna make it out of this we
don't take that City World Trade Center
it's just the beginning
teaming up the general of the Northern
Alliance we know nothing about general
you show me exactly where we go what are
the mountains we take horses alright
who's ridden before anyone summer camp
when I was nine spring break but I was
pretty hammered does have a name the
name
hey this is we slung we're outnumbered
fifty thousand Taliban okay two fighters
we're on our own
I can't order anyone to do this you want
to surrender keep your finger on the
trigger there's no playbook here we have
to write it ourselves
oh I ain't losing one man honest to you
could stand me up at the gates of wall
we're fighting with horsemen against
tanks
[Music]
the greatest weapon in history is this
very no easy way and if you die that's a
letter you and your wife we're gonna
wish you wrote
bigger trucks come along
[Music]
all bad 12 strong the Declassified true
story of the horse soldiers
[Music]